this is Joe cheetahs gameshow junkies
proudly sponsored by America's oldest
brewery jingling beer gameshow junkies
is a combination of four hit TV style
game shows like name that tune
maybe musics not your thing let us test
your physical dexterity with games like
minutes to win it for the gambler and
all of us can you beat the odds of games
like let's make a deal
you'll need that friend and knows
everything sure trivia stuff
what was the name of sheriff Rosco
Coltrane stall laughs totally
self-contained we provide sounding life
our scoreboard displays the team names
they have chosen we provide all the game
tables and props our digital timers are
broadcast on TVs around the room you
never know what you may have that's
worth bonus points we have a game show
junkies advertised at game show junkies
calm Joe cheetahs Facebook entertainment
unlimited calm and jinglun's website
go
black or white
20-point spotlight rotate boys FoxNews
rotate boys cowbell rotate thank you for
taking the time to check out our videos
this is Joe cheetahs game show junkies
brought to you by America's oldest
brewery jingling here